# Random Shakespearean text generator
This repository contains a python script that trains a RNN (Recurrent Neural Network) using text from Shakespeare's work and uses the model to predict a sequence of characters when provided with a sequence of characters.

## How this works
This is a text generator that uses a corpus consisting of an aggregation of Shakespeare's writings.
A RNN (Recurrent Neural Network) was trained on a character representation of the corpus.
The trained model was provided with a block of text (sequence of characters) and sequentially predicts the next character.
Given a sequence of characters from this data ("Alas! What dost tho"), train a model to predict the next character in the sequence ("u"). Longer sequences of text can be generated by calling the model repeatedly.

## How to run it
the starting point for the model is the next_char variable, a string constant. Set this as follows:  
```next_char = tf.constant(['Your text here'])```  
For example, providing this text **Alas!** gave a result like this:  
**hat dost thou, pretty, rather
To touch this speech with you and yours becomes.
KING EDWARD IV:
Hold, very well, good morrow; Catesby, for myself; but tell these arm
We all rest friends o' the comfort of thy sirs,
Were from my horse; and all the remedy is
required, or ends in the vice: and his smother
Mie-bediens shook off, and countenance, sour
very fined, rather, that I have tush'd your eyes
With distemper'd weakness laughter:
Will thither by goddess Clearing, hath been there
now that thou wear'sty! stand up, starve,
To tell the sumples of the king.**  

The response varies each time the script is run.
